How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was quite ok, but I don't like it command view simply. I mix the asteriks with other characters.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can check different approaches and different ways how some solution was made and thus I can be more flexible
and get more depth into the program and how it was prepared. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    I control my logic and I know when it helps me and if I got failure I have offline version as well ready.
It is though more convenient to have automatic ones but this must in my opinion requires cloud based storage where I need to 
probably pay for it so you get better storage for more money. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    git is focused per one project and other like google doc is not meant to be used as a version control for big set of files. 
It woould add too much logic and too much dependencies per each files - google docs is mostly cloud based online so seaerching ccould
be time consuming etc. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log shows me all the commits with specific messages. The most up to date are presented from the top. If I want to see any 
differences I can use git diff previousID newerID and see how many lines were modified. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I can be more secured about loggin my changes and I am able to easily find them in the code by using git diff command. I don't loose
the sight on what was done and what was changed. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    For continuing the course and later one use it to my own projects, depending on what it will be - probably first is for
Machine Learning and later on maybe back to Java / Android - I whish I could finally finish one project. 