What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When I initialize new git repository it is empty, means that there is no commit done so I need to perform the commang git commit I believe 
in order to start logging my new history of files. At the moment I don't know how precisely the command must look like but next video 
will show it to me. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

I can focus only on files that are now modified and this gives me opportunity to conecntrage only on them. If my project works ok
it means the modifications are ok and I can just think on modified files. Before commiting I can still test teh fiels and save also some
time before doing for example somoe more sofrware buildned

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I can see which files are modified and what happend according to the description. I can also revoke the change or manage which files 
are good to be committed. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

I don't mess with the main project and I can be separated with my own ideas or improvments or experiments and thus not colliding 
with main course of the project. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

I can remember that some new checkouts might not be available for others and I can lose some data if not checkout properly. I can
see which branches are availabel and how the main project is divded in different contexts.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result is creation of one branch where there are available commits from both of the branches. They are ordered in a timeframe matter. 
The graphical representation helps to figure out what was done when. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Git combines lines that are for sure good and have solid foundation and has internal logic that allows to predict whether some parts 
must be included or not. If the conflict is too big it stops and let the human decide what is the best to put into new branch.

